1. "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try, and those who are afraid you will succeed."  - Ray Goforth
2. "We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
3. "Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion."  - Tony Hsieh
4. "If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary."  - Jim Rohn
5. "Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
6. "Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
7. "Security is mostly a superstition. Life Is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
8. "Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
9. "Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
10. "What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% all the time." - Don Zimmer
11. "People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." - Tony Robbins
12. "If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
13. "Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
14. "Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
15. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
16. "Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
17. "It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
18. "Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
19. "Develop an 'attitude of gratitude.' Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you." - Brian Tracy
20. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis